# A Siamese network for fruit classification

Note: you must do this assignment completely on your own.

# Background 

The [Fruit 360 data set](https://www.kaggle.com/moltean/fruits) contains about 68K 100x100 images of 131 kinds of fruit.

Dr. Bruns created a data set that contains only a small number of images of each kind of fruit.  When using a data set like this, with many classes but few training examples per class, one-shot learning usually works much better than a standard classifier.  

A Siamese network is a multi-input neural net.  It takes two training examples as input and predicts whether the examples belong to the same class. (Actually, the output is the probability of whether the two inputs belong to the same class.)  In the case of fruit images, it will predict whether two images are of the same kind of fruit or not.

We want the trained Siamese network to work well even on fruit types it wasn't trained on, so the training set and test set have no fruit types in common.

Although the Siamese network predicts whether two images are of the same fruit type, we ultimately want to make a classifier that will take a single image as input and predict the fruit type.  To do this, we need some labeled fruit images, but these don't need to be fruit types that were used in training the Siamese network.

To predict the fruit type from a single unlabeled image, you can use the complete trained Siamese network or just the trained CNN part of the Siamese network: (we will use the second method)
- 	To use the trained Siamese network, provide the input image and one of the labeled fruit images to the Siamese network.  If the probability of a match is very high, return the label of the labeled image.  Otherwise, try other labeled fruit images for the second input.
-	To use only the trained CNN, push all the labeled fruit images through the trained CNN to get   labeled embeddings of the images.  Train any classification algorithm using the labeled embeddings as training examples.  Then push the unlabeled input image through the trained CNN, and pass it to the trained classification algorithm.


## Instructions

Download [fruit-siamese.ipynb](fruit_siamese.ipynb) and edit it, following the instructions at the top of the file.

## Grading

| Points | Criteria                                                           |
|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 80     | CNN Test Accuracy > 80%                                            |
| 10     | Clear and thoughtful conclusions (at least a couple of paragraphs) |
| 5      | accuracy > 91%                                                     |
| 5      | accuracy > 93%                                                     |

Note: Test accuracy is computed at the bottom of the notebook and is after doing tuning.