# Linear Algebra 2

## Purpose
The purpose of this assignment is to help you strengthen your skills in linear algebra, which is a foundation for machine learning.   

## Instructions. 

Please answer the following questions by editing the file [lin-alg2.txt](lin-alg2.txt).

You should write your answers in a single line format using square brackets.
For example, you would write the matrix $`\begin{bmatrix} 1 & 2 \\ 3 & 4 \end{bmatrix}`$ as `[[1,2],[3,4]]` and write a column vector $`\begin{bmatrix} 1 \\ 5 \\ 2 \end{bmatrix}`$ as `[1,5,2]`.
Please use this notation when providing answers or the grading script will mark your answer incorrect.

## Questions

### Q1

Let $A = \begin{bmatrix} -1 & 1 & 0 \\ 0 & -1 & 1 \end{bmatrix}.
Compute the product $A A^{T}$

### Q2

Suppose $`\hat{u}`$ and $`\hat{v}`$ are vectors with 
$`\hat{u} = \begin{bmatrix} 0 \\ 1 \end{bmatrix}`$
and
$`\hat{v} = \begin{bmatrix} 1 \\ 0 \end{bmatrix}`$.
How many linear combinations of $`\hat{u}`$ and $`\hat{v}`$ give 0.
In other words, how many linear combinations of $`\hat{u}`$ and $`\hat{v}`$ give the zero vector?

Remember that a linear combination of $`\hat{u}`$ and $`\hat{v}`$ has the form $`a\hat{u} + b\hat{v}`$ where $a$ and $b$ are scalars.

### Q3

(Y/N)
Suppose $A$ and $B$ are square matrices and $AB = I$.
Is it true that $BA = I$?

### Q4

(Y/N)
Is the identity matrix invertible?

### Q5

If vector $`\hat{u} = \begin{bmatrix} 1.5 \\ -1.5 \end{bmatrix}`$, then what is $`\lVert \hat{u} \rVert`$?

### Q6

What is the largest possibel value of $`\hat{u} \cdot \hat{v}`$ assuming $`\hat{u}`$ and $`\hat{v}`$ are unit-vectors in d-dimensional space?

Hint: think about angles

### Q7

(T/F)
Every square matrix is invertible.

