# Build an RNN-based activity recognizer

## Purpose.  

To get experience with time series classification using a recurrent neural net.

## Instructions.  
Please read all instructions before starting!   

Don't forget: you must work completely on your own.  Do not even search for or look at solutions on the web or elsewhere.

Some weeks ago we built an activity recognizer using shallow learning, then tried again using a 1D convolutional net.  Recurrent nets are an alternative for sequential data.  Can an RNN do better than a 1D CNN on the activity recognition problem?  In this notebook you will build an activity recognizer using a recurrent network.

Before you begin, read Chollet chapter 10 if you haven't already.  Feel free to use the Chollet text for ideas on how to structure your RNN code.  Especially, see Section 10.3.

Like in the CNN assignment, you have a lot of freedom in how you approach this problem and how you structure your notebook.

- Start with [activity_recognition_rnn.ipynb](activity_recognition_rnn.ipynb).  Copy the file and edit it.  Only change the file by adding to the end of the file.  Don't change the name of the file.
- At the end of the notebook, use the test data to compute your test accuracy.  Do not use the test data except for this purpose.
- You will have a lot of parameters to tweak, so you may want to use grid search, random search, or other systematic search methods.
- I want you to focus on finding a good RNN model, so please don't tweak anything except for the following:
  - structure of the RNN model (number of recurrent layers, number of dense layers, etc.)
  - recurrent layer type: use only SimpleRNN or LSTM or GRU.
  - use of bidirectional recurrent layers
  - use of dropout, including dropout and recurrent_dropout parameters in recurrent layers
  - use of batch normalization
  - activation function type
  - optimizer
  - batch size
  - number of training epochs, but limit the number to 30.  You may use the EarlyStopping callback.
  
Do not use any embedding layers.


| Element | Max Score |
|---------|-----------|
|   Notebook is clean and coherent.  Technical methods were used appropriately and the constraints listed above were followed.  Sufficient commentary is present.  Some record of experimentation should be included. |      50    |
|  High test accuracy.  I will take into account the amount of data you used. |    50      |
|   Creativity; very high test accuracy  |     10     |
